# secure_software_report

1.Briefly summarize your client, Artemis Financial, and their software requirements. Who was the client? What issue did they want you to address?   Artemis Financial is a financial servicing company that helps provide their clients with personalized financial portfolios.  They were looking to up their security as it is a top priority protecting their client's information.  
2.What did you do particularly well in identifying their software security vulnerabilities? Why is it important to code securely? What value does software security add to a company’s overall wellbeing?   I felt I did a good job in researching and identifying a strong encryption algorithm that is not overly computationally heavy, but is still unrivaled in it's ability to encrypt documents which is the clients primary use.
3.What about the process of working through the vulnerability assessment did you find challenging or helpful?     I found it challenging when the Keystore certifications were not working on the Terminal for me.  Luckily there is a way to do them by install the keystore extension on the Eclipse IDE.
4.How did you approach the need to increase layers of security? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to assess vulnerabilities and determine mitigation techniques?      Keystore certifications are a great way to add layers of security.  Additionally, the encryption algorithm I recommended, "Twofish" will add great security to their user's documents and personal information.
5.How did you ensure the code and software application were functional and secure? After refactoring code, how did you check to see whether you introduced new vulnerabilities?     I've become comfortable running Maven Dependency checks and can read through them very confidentally.  These checks are helpful in showing all if not most dependency vulnerabilities.
6.What resources, tools, or coding practices did you employ that you might find helpful in future assignments or tasks?   Generating Keystore certifications as well as knowledge on running and reading a Dependency Check is extremely important and useful for other assignments and I'm sure later in life.
7.Employers sometimes ask for examples of work that you have successfully completed to demonstrate your skills, knowledge, and experience. What from this particular assignment might you want to showcase to a future employer?    I would showcase the entire Project Two document as I believe it encompasses a lot of proof in my knowledge of understanding what the client is looking for and coming up with a knowledgeable solution.
